Updating docs to point to the developer console (#50)
jpchase/ExperimentalFramework: completed-trials.md

# Completed Trials

> This has moved to [the developer console](https://developers.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/complete).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information about completed trials is now found in the [developer console](https://developers.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/complete).
```
